One one thing I wanted to say is these phone screens these technical interviews are very stressful and
sometimes simple answers you may not know due to stress nerves or whatever it is or you may just not
know or you may not be super well experienced in it.
And one thing I want to stress is how to handle that situation.
You know I get asked questions about re-act a lot of times I haven't really worked with REACT TO MUCH
A lot of react.
You know God or anything like that.
But I do understand how javascript works and how frameworks work and I can't answer questions like that.
So in situations where I don't know I am OK and you should be ok saying I don't know.
It's a much better answer than to sort of you know b.s. your way through say you know what I don't know
but knowing what I know about javascript this is what I would think.
I don't know I you know I'm not that in-depth about react but I would think it would have something
to do with the lifecycle methods.
No wine.
And that would be not not as impressive but it will be more impressive than sort of BSE in your way
because it is very apparent when someone starts saying stuff that is just it is worse to say something
that is wrong with confidence than to say you know what I'm not really sure.
I couldn't tell you.
But this would be my guess based off what I know about about this subject matter so keep that in mind
when you're handy having these technical interviews.